Add MKR GSM memory disclaimer for IoT Cloud usage (#89)
arduino/docs-content: content/cloud/iot-cloud/tutorials/01.iot-cloud-getting-started/iot-cloud-getting-started.md

***For more information, visit the [Arduino SIM page](https://store.arduino.cc/digital/sim).***

> ***Note that connection via GSM is a memory intense operation, so there's not a lot of memory for the user application (around 2.6 kB). Using a lot of IoT Cloud variables may cause the sketch to run out of memory on the MKR GSM 1400 and make it crash.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note that a secured connection is a memory intense operation, so there's not a lot of memory for the user application (e.g. around 2.6 kB on the MKR GSM 1400). Using a lot of IoT Cloud variables may cause the sketch to run out of memory on boards which don't offload the SSL stack and make it crash.***
```
